To create the risks coming out of the hand we're going to need to have a round object coming out of
what will essentially be square polygons.
So we need to think about how we're gonna do that.
I think probably the best way to do that will be to attach a cylinder to a hole in the top here that
has the same number of sides.
So let's go ahead and press control ah and scroll the mouse wheel and let's add three cuts on the hand
here or click and then click again and there we go.
So now if we select four faces here at the top what that will be is eight sides.
So two or six eight eight edges all the way around.
So let's delete this with X and delete bases.
And now this hole here has the same number of sides as say an eight sided cylinder.
So that's what we need to do.
We need to bring in an eight sided cylinder and attach it to this hole.
So let me grab these points here and I'm just going to scale them out in the y s y just scale them out
a bit like this.
All right.
So now let's all click an edge here and select that whole edge loop around the hole there.
And let's move the cursor to that.
So I'll press shift s and cursor to selected and that's where the new object will be created.
So if we stay in edit mode now the new object that we create will also be an edit mode and we'll be
a part of this object will be just another piece of this same object.
So let's try that.
We've been creating objects in object mode.
Let's try it in edit mode here now.
So let's press shift a and I'll create a cylinder and here it is kind of big.
It's got 16 sides we want eight right.
And in addition we could reduce the radius here by clicking and dragging and we could also reduce the
height or the depth right here we can just kind of bring that in something like this.
Now we can of course just hit the esky and scale it in as well.
So let's do that let's hit s and scale that in a bit.
That's it.
S and z and scale it in a bit here and then just bring it up and kind of line it up with that right
there.
All right.
So now what we can do is in Edge mode we can all click this edge and shift all click that edge.
And now with these two edges selected we could bridge those edge loops.
I think actually let me bring this up a little bit higher.
I'm going to go to the side view and I think I need to bring it up.
So it is in alignment with this top edge here.
So I'm just going to hover over this cylinder and press the L key and that will select all the linked
components of that edge.
Now I can just click and drag up and let's kind of get it in line with that top edge there.
OK.
So now by all click this edge and shift all click this edge.
Now let's bridge them together.
I'll press.
Control e and let's use bridge edge loops in the edges.
Menu click that.
And there we go.
OK so now how do we do.
Well not too bad but now we have a problem where the polygon ends up here are very visible and faceted
whereas these are more smooth.
So we can take this down here and slide this and drag these all we want but it isn't changing those.
What we have to do is re apply that smooth shade so let's right click and choose shade flat and then
will right click again and choose shade smooth.
Now that's helped quite a bit there and I can drag this up and let's see if we can get it to a point
where it looks pretty good for us here.
Let's see how that looks.
I mean tumble around.
That's not too bad actually maybe right about there.
Let's give that a try.
So now to put it into the arm let's tab back into edit mode and select this edge and let's move the
cursor shift s and cursor to selected right here now what we can do is tab back and object mode and
move this origin to the 3d cursor so now it's right click set.
Origin origin to 3d cursor.
Now that Origin is right there and we can move and rotate this.
At that point all right.
So let's bring everything back.
I'll come up here to the characters scene collection and enable it with the icon here.
Now let's try and move this into place so I'll move it forward with the G key it are rotated up some
right and put it right in here.
Then let's come up here and turn it like this
now.
Also we can change our axes here our transform axes from global to local.
So if we do that.
Watch what happens to our transformation gizmo here I'll change it to local.
And you can see now it's in line with the object itself.
So we can move the object in or out in line with its angle here.
So maybe I'll bring it in like that.
Maybe shrink it just a bit.
It's kind of hard to tell what we need to do with that.
But I think that's looking pretty good.
I'm gonna press shift C and bring that cursor back to the center of the grid.
What we need to do now is to move the arm and the hand and the leg over to the other side to mirror
them over to the other side.
But first what let's do is take this hand and then shift select this arm and let's join these two objects
together.
So they're all one piece to do that I'll press control Jay and that'll join those and then we want to
mirror this over to the other side.
However take a look at what happened here.
We zoom in here you can see the wrist went back to being that blocky shading.
So we kind of need to come down here again now that we've combined these two and re adjust the angle
maybe something like this and we go that smooth it up a bit.
Yeah.
And in addition maybe we need a bevel on the sleeve here look how curved that edge is maybe we need
a bevel there.
Let's tab into edit mode and select the two key for Edge mode and alt click.
This all edge loop right there and before we do that let's take a look at our rotation and scale and
our values are kind of non uniform especially in the rotation here.
Let's come over and press control a and click rotation and scale and that resets all of those there.
Now if we tap into edit mode and press control B we can add a little Bevel to that there.
Yeah that's that's kind of nice.
Let's do that.
All right.
So now we could mirror this over before I do though I see that this is a little bit out of alignment
I'm going to move it over just a bit like this and we go now Let's mirror this over to do that I need
to move this origin into the center of the grid because the object is going to mirror around wherever
that origin is.
So let me show you what I mean if I go over to the modifiers panel and go add a modifier mirror look
at where it's measuring from right there.
We need to move that origin into the center of the grid.
So it'll mirror over to the other side to do that let's just right click choose set Origin and Origin
to 3d cursor and there it is.
Now it pops over to the other side because the origin is in the center.
Let's do the same thing for the leg here.
I'm going to apply the rotation in scale again with control a right here and then I'm going to move
that origin right click to the 3d cursor right there.
And now let's add a mirror modifier here add modifier mirror and you can see it's mirroring in the x
axis.
And there we go.
So there's our character at least the beginnings of it right where we're getting there.
I think we could go ahead and smooth the legs here.
Let's do that shade smooth and then come over here to Object data turn on auto smooth and see what we
can get with this.
That looks pretty good there.
Also with this cylinder all it's applied shade smooth here turn on auto smooth.
And same thing that looks pretty good like that well we've got the basic character setup.
Now what let's do in the next video is work on the hair.
We'll need to bring in some geometry and begin molding the hair to the head.